README.md, before:

# My HTML-Portfolio

## Description
This is a portfolio project that I have created using only HTML and CSS. Written from scratch. The webpage is fully responsive.

## Installation
N/A

## Usage
Right click on the index.html file, copy path, and paste in the URL. Or start up the webpage by opening with Live Server. Download the Live Server extension on Visual Studio Code if necessary.

### Screenshot of the webpage:

#### Navigation Bar and About Me section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.22%20PM.png)

#### Projects section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.30%20PM.png)

#### Footer section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.34%20PM.png)

## Credits
Credits go out to my team over here at the UNC coding bootcamp for staying true to one another.

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Edward Kim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Features
N/A

## How to Contribute
N/A

## Tests
N/A

Commit message:

added link to Github Pages in README

README.md, after:

# My HTML-Portfolio

## Description
This is a portfolio project that I have created using only HTML and CSS. Written from scratch. The webpage is fully responsive.

## Installation
Download the Live Server extension on Visual Studio Code if necessary.

## Usage
Right click on the index.html file, copy path, and paste in the URL. Or start up the webpage by opening with Live Server. 

### Links to the deployed Github Page:

[HTML-Portfolio](https://eddyk15501.github.io/html-portfolio/)

### Screenshot of the webpage:

#### Navigation Bar and About Me section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.22%20PM.png)

#### Projects section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.30%20PM.png)

#### Footer section:
![alt text](./assets/images/Screenshot%202023-06-06%20at%201.01.34%20PM.png)

## Credits
Credits go out to my team over here at the UNC coding bootcamp for staying true to one another.

## License
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Edward Kim

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Features
N/A

## How to Contribute
N/A

## Tests
N/A
